yet for for us it's so order to start
here we are proud to be here
expectations I have almost nothing
because it's my first time so I'm happy
that can be here before to see the PACU
going to be a long race I expect so
three on the case that's something we
not often do almost twice longer than
that all the races yeah that makes it
really difficult and yeah the climbs are
actually not so bad in the end and
they're not so hard but when you make
the climbs after 250 case then you start
on a completely different level and then
then it's going to be hurt it's a long
longest race or one of the longest races
in the season so I will be careful with
big expectations but yeah for sure we
try to to have at least one rider with a
good result let's see what this I think
we have two persons who can really do a
good result here we believe in that's a
Simone and John and I think they will
focus on them also i definitely look
forward because it's a yeah its i think
one of the nicest races in the season
and yeah we saw the PACU already so it
will be a big experience to take part in
that race and so the distance doesn't
matter for rest of the guys just
it's a new experience and see how far
they can come look really forward I'm
really happy to do this race that was
one of these races that i was watching
the at home on the couch with my dad on
the yeah this amazing Saturday in the
beginning of the season and was watching
this race there with Paolo batini with
Eric Sabah Pataki and now we are here we
are one of this blue skies day they are
doing this race so yeah such a great
feeling a little bit of dream come true
of course yeah